hiren I've been watching this no poo
stuff for a few days now and I've been
impressed i must admit but i have a
couple of questions course he's been
impressed see now you just blew the
whole thing like I'm talking to you like
you weren't here now you're right here
um I am I'm right here gee your hair
smells terrific oh it's nificant it's so
soft so it's no poo day five but I came
into the office today because we haven't
seen each other and I wanted to find out
a couple of things first off my question
is about how long it takes because you
talk especially that's much about the
baking soda part but the apple cider
vinegar and kind of dipping your hair
into it so I kind of imagined you like
having to dip the ends of your hair into
all of it and so I'm intrigued with that
one and the other question would be
alright you've done this for four or
five days now do you think you can keep
it going right here's Aaron and through
the magic of iMovie Here I am excuse me
while i fluffed my hair it does look
nice just a moment you're not in the
movie oh that's what I'm sorry let me
move this over anyway to answer your
questions mm-hmm my galley now here's
what you by the way do you notice I've
gone straight today we have special
guests in the studio mr. dan cathy coo
of tufa day yes very nice so I had to do
it up your question mm-hmm the first one
about how long oh how long it takes I
got a little sidetracked sorry okay so
how long it takes it really does not
take long at all it takes the same
amount of time as using regular old
shampoo and regular old conditioner I
mix the stuff up one if I makes the one
recipe the tablespoon of baking soda I
do a cup of water table spoon out so I
vinegar to a cup of water I mix that up
the night before that and I can use one
of those things for about three or four
is only use about a quarter of it each
time so that gives me a little bit of
longevity and then for like putting it
on you talk about the the rinsing the
bottom of the hair what I do is I just
kind of pull my hair to the side and
then I just kind of like you know do it
on the o.c not dipping your hair I'm not
dipping my kind of putting it on the end
and then just rubbing it in bingo okay
all right exactly as you know the rest
of us have you take the glob of shampoo
and we just kind of yeah well in its
pretty much it's pretty much like that
because what I do with cuz I have mine a
little nozzle hmm I just kind of take it
and almost like you're dying your hair
if you've never you've never dyed your
hair at home before but it's no item
most women though probably have
experienced it sometime or another
another but it's just and I usually just
kind of do it put it on the roots and
then I'll do then you rather do I have
to ask you also i've been thinking about
this the baking soda do you get any kind
of lather with it or is it just kind of
straight there is no lather it's
completely straight but to be honest I
haven't missed the lather it just it
feels it feels really clean he's have to
get used to that difference yeah you do
don't you have to get used to the fact
that there is no lather um but really
I'm not missing it that much okay and so
the other question about you think you
can keep this going yeah oh yeah I do
honestly I do because I'm thinking about
how much money that i have spent in hair
care product honestly and truly and this
is pennies it's very easy and there is
no odor so I'm definitely I'm okay with
this now we're also on week our date
five so but but so far like this this
would be my breaking point at this point
in this whole thing I would be totally
done if it wasn't working right it's
working so pretty much as long as you as
long as you don't go to macaroni grill
and do the olive oil rosemary treatment
again and dip your hair and burn that
was funny you know one that said bring
the bread over and dip your hair I'm
telling you know I was hungry I couldn't
eat in my own hair that's how delicious
this treatment spill little oregano
little Parmesan it would have been
delicious sea salt show me a little bit
garlic that would be yeah so only it
worked what
all these people by the way all these
people on YouTube like oh I use the hot
rosemary oil treatment on my hair and
it's the best thing to condition it
travel on the lunch what they don't show
you is how they get it out none of them
you will watch these videos on YouTube
all these skinny little waves talking
about how fantastic is they never ever
say how to get it out of their hair I
don't I don't think how much they weigh
have anything to do to do with their in
a woman's world it matters oh okay at
all count well I will tell you from
being right here and seeing her the last
few days that her hair does look really
nice no and smell it it's very I mean
some night I mean here's the thing it
doesn't have like um doesn't have a fake
fragrance I mean you know doesn't smell
like peaches or anything like that but
it's just nice and clone what I do it's
it yes scratch in court might smell like
peaches oh I'm so not going there I am
so not going there so anyway and I'm
school Barry and I just saw that right
and you know what you know what her hair
it's so fluffy everybody must see toy
story 3 and despicable me that's
mandatory it's very fun you can't be my
friend otherwise there you go so so from
a baby looking forward to no poo day 6 I
do loving saying no poop day 5 we're on
day 5 no tomorrow is dead looking
forward to no boot day 6 are you gonna
join with me um yeah I'll be here so we
can do that no no I mean like are you
going to do no pool you're gonna make me
up some models no you can make it up
yourself
selling check by